hello welcome to cooking with Pina today
I will be making my version of eggplant
parmesan
these are the ingredients eggplant
parmigiana Dijon Oh mozzarella salt
pepper olive oil and a very simple
tomato sauce this tomato sauce you can
find on my first episode of cooking with
Pina the first step of making the
eggplant parmesan is to cut the eggplant
and it's about 1 foot of an inch thick
and try to cut them all the same size if
you can the next step it is to put them
in a cookie sheet I like to use the
parchment paper so it doesn't stick to
the bottom of these cookie sheet and
overlap them just a bit so that that all
of them can fit on one cookie sheet the
next thing you do is to brush all the
rows of the eggplant with just olive oil
just brush them like this very lightly
with the extra-virgin olive oil
so all the eggplants have been touched
with the olive oil as you can see I'm
not using any flour or egg or
breadcrumbs that was that is why this is
my version of a big plant parmesan I
just feel that this it's more healthy
the next thing you do you put them in
the oven at 375 degrees until for about
three and a half minutes
so this is what they look like once they
come out of the oven they're a little
bit crispy on top and that's perfectly
fine they're not overdone they're just
right now the tomato sauce is all ready
then you're gonna put about a little bit
of tomato sauce at the bottom
do not put cheese at the bottom
otherwise they will all stick at the
bottom so a little bit of tomato sauce
at the bottom and then once these have
cooled off you begin to layer them and
some of them are still hot but this is
fine
again you overlap them a bit not too
much I really like the taste of the
eggplant that is the one of the reason
why I don't put egg and flour and bread
crumbs when you put egg flour and bread
from state the eggplant loses its taste
somewhat and the next thing I'm going to
put on some some part some mozzarella
cheese then you may put in the genre job
just to your liking obviously okay I
won't go too much salt because the the
tomato sauce already has some salt so
just a little bit in the same thing with
pepper if you like pepper I like pepper
just and and then of course you need to
put in more more tomato sauce that sort
of resemble lasagna then you layer them
okay I like to sort of spread around
like this and you're ready for the next
one next layer so if you think of
layering it like lasagna it's easy
when this is baked after it's after I
finished its baked for about 10-15
minutes all this some upsell is nice and
melted in its gooey and when you take it
it tastes it looks so great and parmesan
I really like the parmigiana Dijon oh it
is absolutely fantastic with this and
tomato sauce this you can have nice
fresh bread after its baked and it's
done this even tastes better the next
day if you want to make the day before
or a couple days before I know sometimes
when I was working I made it a week
before and then I froze it which was
really very nice I put it in the freezer
so the morning when I left to go to work
I took it out by the time I came home
was all defrost ready to go in the oven
and my family had delicious a delicious
dinner
as you can see it goes very fast very
very fast especially when you don't have
to fry anything normally I don't like to
put mozzarella on top I just put some
cheese the parmigiano Reggiano to its
liking to sprinkle a little bit of salt
the very top and put my tomato sauce and
that's it now you're gonna put it in the
oven for 375 degrees and let it bake for
about 15-20 minutes
smells so fantastic looks absolutely you
can see they're bubbling as when you see
this that means it's done
you see these bubbling on the side as
you can see the cheese is nice and gooey
it's nice and melted and I'm going to
taste it
absolutely delicious and with a glass of
wine fantastical thank you for watching
don't forget to subscribe to cooking
Betina
arrivederci and approaching about salute